In this section we learned how to stylize lists using CSSA.
First we learned several properties that CSSA gives us to modify the style of lists the list style type
property allows us to specify the type of marker used for the items in our list for unordered lists
we can assign the list style type property several values including desk circle square or none of value
of Disc. will mark the items in our list with Feldon bullet points of value of circle will mark the
items in our list as hollow circles without the center filled in a value of Square.
We'll mark the items in a list with square bullet points giving the list style type property a value
of None will remove markers from our list items ordered lists can have several other values for the
list style type property assigning the list style type property value of decimal will number the items
in the list of value of decimal leading 0 will number the items in the list with the leading zero in
front of the number of value of lower alpha to the list style type property will add lower case letters
next to each item in the list giving the list style type property value of up or Alpha will mark each
item in the list with an uppercase letter of value of lower Rollman to the list style type property
will add lowercase Roman numerals next to each item in the list.
A value of upper Rollman to the list style type property will add upper case roman numerals next to
each item in the list.
The list style image property lets us mark the items in an unordered list with a custom image as opposed
to a bullet point shaped as a desk circle or a square.
The list style position property lets us specify of the list the item marker should be placed inside
or outside of the list item element the list style property allows us to specify the list style type
position and image all in one.
After that we learned how to add color to our lists.
We learned that we can add color to both the entire list and each list item.
We also learned how to differentiate between applying styles to an unordered lists items versus an ordered
list items if both are in a web page in the next section.
We will learn about creating animations using SS.